#Unclaimed notices

##Main page display

Unclaimed or open notices appear in the right-hand sidebar on the
main screen. They appear in a feed list with two columns; open
notices with no set due date appear in the right column, and open
notices with a due date appear in the left column. Notices with due
dates are sorted by their due date, with earlier due dates
appearing at the top. Notices that repeat will indicate how
frequently they repeat.

Only the 10 (or so) most urgent tasks will appear in each column.
Below the task list will be a link that users can click to view a
page listing all open tasks.

##Karma points

Open notices cannot be granted karma points. If a closed notice is
reopened, its accumulated karma points will be destroyed.

##Comments

As with regular notices, the user who posts the task can add a
descriptive comment to the task. Other users can add comments to
open tasks, but not to repeating tasks. If an open task has
additional comments attached, those comments will be displayed in
the open task view page; a notification icon will appear with the
task item in the sidebar, but the full comment list will not be
displayed in the sidebar.

##Creating a new open task

Users can create a new open task by clicking on the "Add new
task..." link at the top of the sidebar. This will open a new page
with a form (eventually, this will be a floating popup window,
rather than a separate page). The form will have spaces for the
description of the task, a comment, a due date with a popup
calendar, and radio buttons to select how the task repeats (daily,
weekly, monthly, or no repeat). When the user clicks the submit
button, the new task will be added to the database.

##Claiming a task

Users can "claim a task" by clicking the "Mark as completed" link
attached to the task item in either the sidebar, the open tasks
page, or the page of the user who posted the task. This will bring
the user to a page with a form. The form has a checkmark to
indicate if the user themselves completed the task, a text input
field to indicate who else performed the task, and a comment field.
When the user submit this task, the task's status will be converted
to "closed" in the database, and a completion timestamp will be
registered. The notice's complete by user and doers fields will also be updated. 

##Re-opening a closed task

Only the user who the user who originally posted the task, the user who
marked it as complete, or an admin can re-open the task. For those
users, the notice will have a "Re-open" link attached. When they click
this link they will see a pop-up notification warning them that
re-opening the notice will cause all associated karma points to be
destroyed. If they agree, the karma points will be destroyed and the
notice's status will be switched to open.
	
##Deleting an open task

Only the user who originally posted the task or an admin can delete an
open task. The user will be presented with a confirmation dialog asking
if they are sure they want to delete the notice. If the notice repeats,
they will be asked if they want to delete all instances or just that
instance.

##Open task view page

The open tasks view page will show all open tasks. As with the sidebar,
open notices with due dates will appear in the right-hand column,
and open notices without due dates will appear in the left-hand column.
The page will also include a link (or form) to create a new open
notice. 














